Document which endpoints the install_script.sh accesses (#11351)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/faq/how-do-i-install-the-agent-on-a-server-with-limited-internet-connectivity.md

  text: "Learn more about Proxy"
---

> The one-line install command provided in the [Agent install instructions][1] requires outbound HTTPS access to a number of different endpoints to function properly and might not work with servers that have limited internet access. Specifically, these are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The one-line install command provided in the [Agent install instructions][1] requires outbound HTTPS access to a few different endpoints to function properly and might not work with servers that have limited internet access. Specifically, these are:
```
